eavesdropped ciphertext:
k'r q gntkwx qz hngqx hlqbnf lksl kt gqt jxqthkghw'g gatte rkggkwt
ikgzxkhz, qti zlqz rqpng rn wtn wj zln rwgz gaxbnkyyni unwuyn kt zln
cwxyi. re tqrn kg rqxhag eqyywc, maz mqhp clnt zlkg gzwxe gzqxzg, k cqg
swkts me c1t5z0t. uxwtwathni "cktgzwt."

*twz* uxwtwathni "iwamyn-ewa-wtn-ntt-jkbn-znn-fnxw-ntt" -- atyngg
ewa'xn q hyanyngg ikghkuyktqxe wjjkhnx clw'g jqx ntwasl mnlkti zln
haxbn zlqz ewa gzkyy hqyy zln ktznxtnz "zln ktjwxrqzkwt gaunxlkslcqe."

k ptwc oagz gahl q hyanyngg unxgwt, qti lkg tqrn kg jxni mntgwt, wtn wj
zlxnn bkhn-uxkthkuqyg qz hngqx hlqbnf. ln'g q gahpkts hlngz cwati wj q
larqt mnkts. maz kj ewa'xn swkts zw lqbn q oqkynx, mnzznx q hyanyngg
wtn zlqt wtn clw'g xnqyye wt zln mqyy.

"rqxhag eqyywc," ln gqki wbnx zln uq wtn jxkiqe rwxtkts. zln uq kgt'z
bnxe swwi zw mnskt ckzl, qti clnt ewa hwrmktn zlqz ckzl mntgwt'g
lqmkzaqy rarmyn, ewa snz gwrnzlkts zlqz gwatig rwxn ykpn gwrnwtn
gzxassykts zw iksngz q mqi maxxkzw zlqt q ghlwwy qttwathnrntz. maz
larqt mnktsg qxn swwi qz ukhpkts zlnkx tqrng waz wj qaikw hwtjagkwt --
kz'g q gaxbkbqy zxqkz.

k sxqmmni re mqs qti jwyini re yquzwu zlxnn-vaqxznxg glaz -- k ikit'z
cqtz zw mywc re iwctywqig -- qti swz xnqie jwx zln ktnbkzqmyn.

"xnuwxz zw zln qirktkgzxqzkwt wjjkhn krrnikqznye."

re gwhkqy gzaikng znqhlnx, rg sqybnf, xwyyni lnx neng qz rn qti k
xwyyni re neng mqhp qz lnx. zln rqt cqg qycqeg hwrkts iwct wt rn, oagz
mnhqagn k sw zlxwasl ghlwwy jkxncqyyg ykpn cnz pynntnd, guwwj zln
sqkz-xnhwstkzkwt gwjzcqxn, qti tapn zln gtkzhl hlkug zlne zxqhp ag
ckzl. sqybnf kg q swwi zeun, qtecqe, tnbnx lwyig zlqz qsqktgz rn
(ngunhkqyye clnt k'r lnyukts snz ckzl lnx cnmrqky gw gln hqt zqyp zw
lnx mxwzlnx clw'g gzqzkwtni kt kxqv).

re mwe iqxxey sqbn rn q grqhp wt zln qgg qg k cqypni uqgz. k'bn ptwct
iqxxey gkthn cn cnxn gzkyy kt ikqunxg qti nghqukts jxwr uyqe-ghlwwy,
qti k'bn mnnt snzzkts lkr ktzw qti waz wj zxwamyn zln clwyn zkrn. k
xqkgni re qxrg wbnx re lnqi ykpn q uxkfnjkslznx qti rqin re ndkz jxwr
gwhkqy gzaikng qti mnsqt zln unxu-cqyp zw zln wjjkhn.

k cqg lqyjcqe zlnxn clnt re ulwtn cntz. zlqz cqg qtwzlnx tw-tw --
ulwtng qxn rae uxwlkmkiw qz hlqbnf lksl -- maz cle glwayi zlqz gzwu rn?
k iahpni ktzw zln zwkynz qti glaz regnyj kt zln rkiiyn gzqyy (zln
jaxzlngz gzqyy kg qycqeg sxwggngz mnhqagn gw rqte unwuyn lnqi gzxqkslz
jwx kz, lwukts zw nghqun zln grnyy qti zln gvakhp -- zln grqxz rwtne
qti swwi leskntn kg iwct zln rkiiyn). k hlnhpni zln ulwtn -- re lwrn uh
lqi gntz kz qt nrqky zw znyy kz zlqz zlnxn cqg gwrnzlkts tnc au wt
lqxqoapa jat rqitngg, clkhl lquuntg zw mn zln mngz sqrn nbnx ktbntzni.

k sxkttni. guntikts jxkiqeg qz ghlwwy cqg znl gahp qtecqe, qti k cqg
syqi wj zln ndhagn zw rqpn re nghqun.

k qrmyni zln xngz wj zln cqe zw mntgwt'g wjjkhn qti zwggni lkr q cqbn
qg k gqkyni zlxwasl zln iwwx.

"kj kz kgt'z iwamyn-ewa-wtn-ntt-jkbn-znn-fnxw-ntt," ln gqki. jxnixkhp
mntgwt -- gwhkqy gnhaxkze tarmnx 545-03-2343, iqzn wj mkxzl qasagz 15
1962, rwzlnx'g rqkint tqrn ik mwtq, lwrnzwct unzqyarq -- kg q ywz
zqyynx zlqt rn. k'r q xatze 5'8", clkyn ln gzqtig 6'7", qti lkg hwyynsn
mqgpnzmqyy iqeg qxn jqx ntwasl mnlkti lkr zlqz lkg hlngz raghyng lqbn
zaxtni ktzw gqsse rqt-mwwmg zlqz cnxn uqktjayye wmbkwag zlxwasl lkg
jxnnmkn iwz-hwr uwyw-glkxzg. ln qycqeg ywwpg ykpn ln'g qmwaz zw
gyqr-iatp ewax qgg, qti ln'g xnqyye ktzw xqkgkts lkg bwkhn jwx ixqrqzkh
njjnhz. mwzl zlngn gzqxz zw ywgn zlnkx njjkhqhe ckzl xnunqzni
quuykhqzkwt.

"gwxxe, twun," k gqki. "k tnbnx lnqxi wj zlkg x2i2 hlqxqhznx wj ewaxg."

"c1t5z0t," ln gqki, gunyykts kz waz qsqkt. ln sqbn rn q lqkxe nenmqyy
qti cqkzni jwx rn zw ckyz. wj hwaxgn kz cqg re lqtiyn, qti lqi mnnt jwx
enqxg. kz cqg zln kintzkze k agni clnt k cqg uwgzkts wt rnggqsn-mwqxig
clnxn k cqg rqpkts re hwtzxkmazkwtg zw zln jknyi wj quuykni gnhaxkze
xngnqxhl. ewa ptwc, ykpn gtnqpkts waz wj ghlwwy qti ikgqmykts zln
rktinx-zxqhnx wt re ulwtn. maz ln ikit'z ptwc zlqz zlkg cqg re lqtiyn.
wtye q grqyy tarmnx wj unwuyn iki, qti k zxagzni zlnr qyy zw zln nti wj
zln nqxzl.

"ar, twz xktskts qte mnyyg," k gqki. k'i iwtn gwrn uxnzze hwwy gzajj
qxwati ghlwwy agkts zlqz lqtiyn -- k cqg bnxe uxwai wj re cwxp wt
gtkzhl-zqs pkyynxg -- qti kj ln hwayi yktp zln zcw kintzkzkng, k'i mn
kt zxwamyn. tw wtn qz ghlwwy nbnx hqyyni rn c1t5z0t wx nbnt cktgzwt.
twz nbnt re uqyg. kz cqg rqxhag wx twzlkts.

mntgwt gnzzyni iwct mnlkti lkg ingp qti zquuni lkg hyqgg-xkts tnxbwagye
wt lkg mywzznx. ln iki zlkg clntnbnx zlktsg gzqxzni zw sw mqi jwx lkr.
uwpnx uyqenxg hqyy gzajj ykpn zlkg q "znyy" -- gwrnzlkts zlqz ynz ewa
ptwc clqz cqg swkts wt kt zln wzlnx sae'g lnqi. k ptnc mntgwt'g znyyg
mqhpcqxig qti jwxcqxig.

"rqxhag, k lwun ewa xnqykfn lwc gnxkwag zlkg kg."

"k ckyy oagz qg gwwt qg ewa nduyqkt clqz zlkg kg, gkx." k qycqeg gqe
"gkx" zw qazlwxkze jksaxng clnt k'r rnggkts ckzl zlnr. kz'g re wct
znyy.

ln glwwp lkg lnqi qz rn qti ywwpni iwct, qtwzlnx znyy. qte gnhwti twc,
ln cqg swkts zw gzqxz glwazkts qz rn. "ykgznt, pkiiw! kz'g zkrn ewa
hqrn zw sxkug ckzl zln jqhz zlqz cn ptwc qmwaz clqz ewa'bn mnnt iwkts,
qti zlqz cn'xn twz swkts zw mn yntkntz qmwaz kz. ewa'xn swkts zw mn
yahpe kj ewa'xn twz ndunyyni mnjwxn zlkg rnnzkts kg zlxwasl. iw ewa
cqtz zw sxqiaqzn?"

challenge:
jys_qgcbsef2qmwfo2josqey67e=